Ahh!
Hmm?
No! No! No! These are my personal,
private undergarments.
Now the whole neighborhood
knows I wear them.
Well, I am sorry, Hank.
The dryer broke... again.
It's actually moistening our clothes now.
Okay, okay, we'll buy a new dryer.
Just help me get the rest of these down.
Mm-hm.
Let's buy this one.
It's like watching TV,
only the show is about wet clothes.
Hi, you folks have any questions?
Why, yes, I do.
Could you tell me the difference
between an electric dryer
and a propane dryer?
Sure. A propane dryer
costs a little more...
Ah, only at first.
When you factor in the lifetime
cost of ownership
propane comes out on top.
Let me run through the numbers.
A family of four does three
and a half loads a week.
Hey. Hey.
Hello, Buckley!
Hey.
When did you get promoted to greeter?
Yester-- hey...
- day.
And if the current trend
in electric rates continues,
you'll be glad you did.
Here's my card
in case you have any other questions.
Can we just take the Spinmore, please?
Would you be interested
in applying for a Mega Lo card?
Heh. No, thanks.
The last thing I need
is another credit card.
I've already got one.
Hold on. No money down,
no interest for six months
and ten percent off our first purchase.
Ten percent off?
Well, Chuck Mangione supports it
and his diet shakes did okay by me.
Hi, Luanne.
Hi, Bobby.
Hi, Buckley.
He's on break.
Where's Uncle Hank and Aunt Peggy?
Oh, I thought
I'd give them some time alone
so they could, you know...
What?
You know.
Buy me a birthday present.
I mean, that's why we're here, isn't it?
I don't think so.
Your birthday's not till next month.
Think about it, Luanne.
Why would you bring a child
to a department store
to buy a dryer
when his birthday
is three and a half weeks away?
It just doesn't make sense.
They're watching me,
trying to get into my head.
See what I really want in a present.
No. I'm pretty sure
we're just buying a dryer.
Okay, Luanne.
When mom and dad get done
buying the dryer,
tell them I'm over by the dirt bikes,
holding a Toblerone.
Hey.
- Okay, Mr. Hill...
- ...your credit has been rejected?
- Huh? But why?
Well, the computer doesn't say.
I'm sorry. Next.
Hold on a minute. You made a mistake.
I have perfect credit.
I think I recognize a frowny face
when I see one.
Hank, why don't we just pay with a check?
Ah, sorry. We can't take checks
from people with bad credit.
- I'm having the time of my life.
And it's on sale.
Thanks for trying, Melinda,
but I'm pretty sure you can't just
look up my credit
unless I send some kind
of permission letter
to my credit bureau.
Nah, it's a piece of cake.
All you need is a $10 processing fee.
And I'll just deduct that
from your paycheck.
Mr. Strickland, uh...
- I was just, uh, you know...
- Hank's got bad credit.
Well, there's the rat hair in your tuna.
Seems like you're in the hole $40
to Arlen Video.
What?
It says I owe $40, and that can't be true.
I always bring back my tapes.
Look for yourself.
I've returned The Great Santini
23 times.
- Okay. Hank Hill. June 23.
Yeah, you rented and never
returned Cuffs & Collars.
I've never even heard of that. Have you?
Uh-uh. Unless he's got the name Merchant,
Ivory or Billy Crystal above the title,
I am not interested.
Wait a minute.
They're buying me a movie for my birthday.
That's why we're here, right?
Really, Bobby, they haven't said anything.
Bobby, you ever heard of a movie
called Cuffs & Collars?
Oh, I think that's the one
with the two cops who don't get along,
but then they do, but it's too late
'cause he's dead, but not really.
So you've seen it?
No.
How about you, Luanne?
Mm-mmm.
Oh, no. You're not getting a movie, Bobby.
You are so smooth.
Nope, we didn't rent it.
So if you could please erase the $40
and penalize yourself,
whatever you think is fair,
we'll be on our way.
I am sorry. The computer
won't let me erase anything
until you either return
the tape, or pay the $40.
I told you, I didn't rent the tape.
Now, who's calling me a liar,
you or the machine?
'Cause I want to know whose arse to kick.
I'm not calling you a liar, sir.
Fine. Now, where's the arse on this thing?
I need a dryer, Hank.
Just pay for the tape.
Absolutely not.
I won't pay for someone else's screw up.
Heck, I wouldn't be surprised
if that tape was sitting
on the shelf right now.
Where would Cuffs & Collars be?
Action adventure?
Action comedy?
Action action?
Make a left.
Okay.
Mmm.
How could they think
I'd rent a stag film, Peggy?
I'm married.
I think we should just pay.
No! I've got to prove my innocence.
Now, wasn't June 23rd
the day I went to my dad's
and installed grab bars in his shower?
Nope. June 23rd,
I played boggle at Nancy's
and left you home.
Alone.
Peggy, you don't think
I actually rented...
Oh, Hank. I don't care
if you did or you didn't.
Well, you should care, because I didn't!
Oh, really, Hank, it doesn't matter.
It does matter!
It's important you believe me
when I say I didn't rent the tape.
Honey, okay, I believe you.
Now, I just have one question.
- Did you rent the tape?
- No!
All right, then.
But whether you did or you didn't,
- I still think we should just pay.
The last thing I want
is for people to be talking about this.
Especially in front of Bobby.
Luanne, Luanne!
It's even better than I thought!
Mom and dad are throwing me
a surprise party!
So, Nancy tells me
she ran into John Redcorn
at the video store.
The two of them heard you complaining
about some porno tape you lost.
Yeah, man! Talk about that dang ol'
Cuffs and Collars, man.
Like when they come over to clean
that pool, man. Start goin' like
a-wakka wakka-wakka...
Quit it! I didn't rent that movie!
I'm glad. I'm glad. I'm not the only one
who is disgusted by pornography.
It's offensive.
It's demeaning.
It creates a standard of idealized beauty
that your average man can't compete with.
Don't worry, Bill.
I'm not going to let my credit
and good name be done in
by a darn computer error.
Computers don't make errors.
- What they do, they do on purpose.
By now, your name and particulars
have been fed into every laptop,
desktop, mainframe and supermarket scanner
that collectively make up
the global information conspiracy,
otherwise known as The Beast.
Dale, I'm having a problem
with one videotape,
not some kind of high-tech bogeyman.
You just be careful.
Computers have already beaten
the communists at chess.
Next thing you know,
they'll be beating humans.
Strickland Propane.
Taste the meat, not the heat.
Hello, Hank?
- Speaking.
- How you doing? It's Matt!
Oh. Hey... Matt, how you been?
Pretty good, pretty good.
Uh-huh.
So, uh...
- How's, um... Peggy?
Uh, she's fine.
And how's, uh...
- Do I know you?
Hank, if you liked Cuffs and Collars,
you're gonna love Rug Burn, too...
and by "Rug Burn too" I mean Rug Burn
also. Rug Burn Two isn't very good.
What? But... uh, who is this?
You know, Matt from Consenting Adults,
the country's largest supplier
of mail order adult entertainment.
-So, how many can I put you down for?
- Zero! God! Please watch your mouth!
This is an interstate phone line!
How did you get this number?
Not important. What is important
is that we have a bigger selection
and lower prices than Arlen Video.
What? Arlen Video told you
I rent pornography?
Uh...
Who plays the most hits?
Y-104.
Yeah, okay.
- That crazy morning zoo.
Shame on you, Hank Hill!
What you do in the privacy
of your own home
is disgusting enough
but to let it spill out into our streets
where my future children
will someday play?
Well, that is going too far.
Shame!
I would like the luxury
of vomiting on myself right now,
but I don't have any
clean clothes to change into.
Would you just pay the bill
so I can get a new dryer?
It's too late.
The beast's already got him in its jaws.
Your only way out is to start life over
with a new identity.
If you want, I can get
you the birth certificate
of a child who died in 1953.
It's hardly been used.
No! I am not a quitter!
Who's not a quitter,
my dead friend, Hank Hill
or my new friend, Rusty Shackleford?
Look, just help me get this smut
back to the post office.
Bobby! Do not get off the bus!
Look at all those cards and gifts.
This is going to be
the best birthday ever.
Next.
Uh, yes.
These magazines and, uh, equipment
were delivered to my home.
I want you to return to sender
and take my name off these mailing lists.
No. Post office can't
take you off the mailing list.
You need to call the company
you bought your pornography from...
I don't buy pornography!
I don't want this!
Take it back!
If you want to file a complaint,
fill out this form.
- We'll enter it in the computer, and...
No! No forms! No computers!
We were never here!
Don't feed The Beast!
Mr. Hank Hill?
You threw out your mail, son.
Don't you want to prolong your lovemaking
pleasure for just pennies
a night, Mr. Hank?
Give me that! Don't you people understand?
If I don't fight, someday it could be
your name on these... plugs.
I'm doing this for all of you.
Do you know this guy?
No dadgum way, man!
That, that's some dirty old man,
hangin' around sex toys, man.
Back at my place, if you're interested.
Boomhauer, no.
I can do without Bill by my side.
He brings nothing to this fight, but you?
You should have seen this coming, Hank.
One by one, your friends will desert you.
I'll be next.
Now, Dale, this stuff about The Beast.
You made all that up, right?
Of course you did.
Oh, no.
Everything has been foretold
in the book of revelations.
Uh, you just stepped in a diaper.
- Darn it, it's the vice squad!
They must have followed us!
Quick, Dale, bury the...
Dale?
Uh, sir, this is the municipal dump.
All garbage must...
Wait a minute.
This Superglide is oil based.
That's a petroleum by-product.
You can't throw that out here.
Same with the batteries in your vibrator.
This is not my vi...
A-and it's not a...
It's a wand massager.
It says so right on the box.
All right, give me your license.
I'm going to run you through the computer.
The compu... uh...
I, I don't have my license on me
at the moment.
Uh, but I can tell you
that I was born in 1953.
As a child, I was quite ill.
Surprise!
What? I had no idea!
When did you plan this?
How was that, Luanne?
Let's try it again.
Woo... ♪ I'm playing
with the queen of hearts ♪
♪ You know she isn't very sma... ♪
What the heck?
Peggy. Thank God you're here.
Hello. I'm Hank Hill,
and I'd like you to sign my petition.
Hank Hill, I want you
to get in the car, right now,
before the whole town sees you.
No. I am not a quitter,
and I don't rent pornography.
I'm begging you, Hank.
Pay the $40.
We will buy a new dryer,
and you can finally change your underwear.
Honey, it's the right thing to do.
Not until I prove my innocence
once and for all.
That's why I'm taking Arlen Video
to small claims court, Peggy.
I'm putting the whole system on trial.
You have not heard a word I've said.
What do I have to do
to get through to you?
Do I have to take off my shirt
and dance like the women in your movies?
I don't rent those movies!
Hank, if you want to keep up
your silly little battle,
then you go it alone.
I am sorry.
- Oh. Huh? Hmm?
Oh, man, his trial is tomorrow,
and he's going in there
with nothing but six honks
and one signature
and that's on his leg.
Darn taggers.
It's sad, really.
All he wanted was
for his clothes to be dry.
Yup.
Ho, yeah.
♪ You're a heart-breaker, dream maker ♪
♪ A love taker, don't you
mess around, no, no, no ♪
Mom! Look what dad got me.
There's Cuffs and Collars
- and a whole bunch of other cop movies.
Jailbait, Hung Jury...
How dare you try
to expose my son to these...
uh, police tapes?
They're so degrading to, uh...
law enforcement officials.
You never saw these.
Gotcha. It's a surprise.
Don't worry. I didn't read the card.
"I believe you, Hank.
The answer is in the tapes. A friend."
Hmm...
"I need these back when you're done.
A friend."
Okay.
MAN 1 (on video):
Hey, did somebody call a plumber?
WOMAN 1 (on video): Come on in.
I'll show you where the leak is.
Oh, not... No! Not... Oh!
Oh, God!
WOMAN 2 (on video):
You want me to frisk you?
Ohh. What kind of cop are you?
MAN 2 (on video): Huh... A bad one.
Bobby, for the love of God,
get out of the house!
Okay.
My mom told us to stay away
for three hours.
My birthday party must be today!
Ooh! Then I guess this haircut is free.
I'm still supposed to charge you
for the shampoo.
WOMAN 2 (on video):
Here. Let me hold that.
Thanks, officer.
Say, are you a mounted police?
WOMAN 2 (on video): Not yet
- But a girl can dream.
Wait a minute! That's it!
That's it!
Yeah! That's it!
You are hereby ordered to pay
damages in the amount of $1.50
and return the plaintiff's sunglasses.
Ha!
- Mm-hm.
Next case.
Hank Hill versus Arlen Video.
Mr. Hill, you allege
that you have been the target
of systematic harassment
at the hands of a major international
computer conspiracy known as "The Beast."
That is correct, Your Honor.
- Oh.
- Mr. Hill, why don't you just pay the $40?
Because I did not rent the tape,
and I can prove it.
It's pretty quiet.
And there are no cars.
I wonder where the magician parked?
Surprise!
Huh?
It must be in my bedroom.
Shh.
- Surprise!
Cuffs and Collars.
The tape I never rented.
68 minutes into the film
actress Didi Cupp bends over
to shoe her horse.
Now, if you pause the tape
and look closely,
you can just make out
a tattoo on Didi's left buttock
that reads I heart Charlie Sheen.
Mrs. Cupps also makes
an uncredited cameo in Jailbait,
a tape which marks veteran porn star,
Fernanda Valley's return
to the adult film industry
on the occasion of her 18th birthday.
Now, at the 70-minute mark.
Didi bends over to shoe a donkey.
What do we see on her left buttock?
Nothing.
There is no tattoo.
This can only mean
that Jailbait was made
before Cuffs and Collars.
Now, why is this important?
Because Fernanda Valley
turned 18 on July 5,
two weeks after I supposedly
rented Cuffs and Collars.
Is it possible that I walked
into Arlen Video on June 23rd
and rented a movie that didn't even exist?
I think not!
I rule in favor of the plaintiff.
Arlen Video is hereby ordered
to remove the debt from its computer.
- Mm-hm.
And let the record show
that Mr. Hank Hill really knows
his pornography.
Thank you, Your Honor.
Oh, you did it, Hank. You won.
Oh, we can finally put
this nightmare behind us.
Oh, no.
This isn't over yet.
Approved!
The dryer's yours!
I can't believe they forgot my birthday.
Oh, don't worry.
They still got a whole month to remember.
- Yeah, man.
You got me, Luanne.
You knew the whole time, didn't you?
Yeah.
I don't believe it.
A dryer!
It's perfect!
Yup.
This is the best birthday ever.
That dang ol'
a-wakka wakka-wakka...